Update docker hub rate limiting intructions (#1663)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/enterprise/image-registry-rate-limits.md

# Avoiding Docker Hub Rate Limits

> This topic describes how to avoid rate limiting for anonymous and free authenticated use of Docker Hub by providing a Docker Hub username and password to the `kots docker ensure-secret` command.

Author: Made a handful of sentence-level updates to this topic to:
- Add heading and a topic sentence per the style guide
- Better explain when one might run into rate limiting-related errors and why they are caused. As it was written previously, I couldn't really tell when I was supposed to be running this command or not
- Some rewrite for clarity

## Overview

On November 20, 2020, rate limits for anonymous and free authenticated use of Docker Hub went into effect.
Anonymous and Free Docker Hub users are limited to 100 and 200 container image pull requests per six hours, respectively.
Docker Pro and Docker Team accounts continue to have unlimited access to pull container images from Docker Hub.

For more information on rate limits, see [Understanding Docker Hub rate limiting](https://www.docker.com/increase-rate-limits) on the Docker website.

> In Replicated KOTS v1.44.0 and later, a Docker Hub username and password can be passed to the `kots docker ensure-secret` command, which creates an image pull secret that KOTS can use when pulling images to avoid rate limits.

Author: >In Replicated KOTS v1.44.0 and later

I removed the mentions of the KOTS versions (this and "In KOTS v1.69.0 and later," below) because they might just be unneeded noise. If the docs are assuming use of the latest versions of KOTS (within reason), then v1.44.0 and v1.69.0 seem sufficiently early that we shouldn't need to call them out

> If the application that you are installing or upgrading has public Docker Hub images that are rate limited, then an error can occur when the rate limit is reached because Replicated KOTS attempts to use the Replicated proxy service to access the rate-limited image.

Reviewer: This is an implementation detail that isn't even good. We want to fix it so that KOTS doesn't try to fall back on the proxy service (since that won't work anyway).
```suggestion
If the application that you are installing or upgrading has public Docker Hub images that are rate limited, then an error occurs when the rate limit is reached.
```

If the application that you are installing or upgrading has public Docker Hub images that are rate-limited, then an error can occur when the rate limit is reached because Replicated KOTS attempts to use the Replicated proxy service to access the rate-limited image.

To avoid errors caused by reaching the Docker Hub rate limit, a Docker Hub username and password can be passed to the `kots docker ensure-secret` command. The Docker Hub username and password are used only to increase rate limits and do not need access to any private repositories on Docker Hub.

> In KOTS v1.69.0 and later, `kots docker ensure-secret` also applies the image pull secret to all Kubernetes manifests that have images. A new version, based on the latest version, is created in KOTS for this purpose.

Author: >A new version, based on the latest version, is created in KOTS for this purpose.

I could not figure out what this sentence was trying to say. Is this maybe a nod to Kustomize? I deleted it because I couldn't understand it, but if you all think there's something valuable beneath the surface here, it can be added back

Reviewer 2: My read of it is that running `kots docker ensure-secret` will create a new sequence in the admin console version history after running the command. That new sequence would have the automatically injected pull secrets (by Kustomize). If it's a v1beta2 chart, then nothing is injected automatically, but I do believe that KOTS would create the additional sequence regardless.

Reviewer: I read it the same as Craig. It might be worth keeping this in in some form because people need to know to deploy the new version to make things start working (again, for v1beta2 they have set up their chart to use that secret).

Author: Updated!

>The `kots docker ensure-secret` command creates an image pull secret that KOTS can use when pulling images.
>
>KOTS then creates a new release sequence for the application to apply the image pull secret to all Kubernetes manifests that have images. After running the `kots docker ensure-secret` command, deploy this new release sequence either from the admin console or the kots CLI.
